Spell It Out Lyrics[Intro: Andy Samberg]
Yo! It's The Lonely Island
We got my man Jorm
Kiv's in the house
And me? You know who the "f" I am
And if not, let me spell it out

[Verse: Andy Samberg]
They call me
D-U-D-E-T-H-A-T
H-A-S-S-E-X
W-I-T-H-P-I-G-S-F-O-R-M-O-N-E-Y­
B-U-T-O-N-L-Y-A-S
A-S-I-D-E-T-H-I-N-G-R-I-G-H-T
N-O-W-comma-I-apostrophe-­M
J-U-S-T-S-H-O-R-T-O-N-C-A-S-H
A-N-D-H-A-V-E-I-R-O-N-S-I-N­-T-H-E
F-I-R-E-B-U-T-I-N-T-H-I-S-E-C-O-N-O-M-Y
I-T-apostrophe-double-L-H-A­-V-E-T-O-D-O
M-Y-N-A-M-E-I-S... Lenny!
(What! What! What! What!)

[Outro: Jorma Taccone]
No wait, that's gross12Embed

SongStart:
I’m On a Boat Lyrics[Intro: Andy & T-Pain]
Shawty
Aw, shit (yeah, yeah)
Get your towels ready, it's about to go down (shawty, yeah, yeah)
Everybody in the place, hit the fucking deck
But stay on your motherfucking toes
We running this, let's go (hey)

[Hook: Andy & Akiva, T-Pain, & All]
I'm on a boat (I'm on a boat)
I'm on a boat (I'm on a boat)
Everybody look at me, 'cause I'm sailing on a boat (sailing on a boat)
I'm on a boat (I'm on a boat)
I'm on a boat
Take a good, hard look at the motherfucking boat, yeah

[Verse 1: Andy, Akiva, & T-Pain]
I'm on a boat, motherfucker, take a look at me
Straight floating on a boat on the deep blue sea (yeah, yeah)
Busting five knots, wind whipping out my coat
You can't stop me, motherfucker, 'cause I'm on a boat
Take a picture, trick (trick); I'm on a boat, bitch (bitch)
We drinking Santana champ, cause it's so crisp (crisp)
I got my swim trunks, and my flippie-floppies
I'm flipping burgers, you at Kinko's straight flippin' copies
I'm riding on a dolphin, doing flips and shit (yeah)
The dolphin's splashing, getting everybody all wet (oh)
But this ain't Seaworld, this as real as it gets (yeah, yeah)
I'm on a boat, motherfucker, don't you ever forget
I'm on a boat, and it's going fast, and
I got a nautical themed pashmina afghan
I'm the king of the world, on a boat like Leo
If you're on the shore, then you're sho' not me-oh
[Refrain: Andy]
Get the fuck up, this boat is real!

[Verse 2: Andy, Akiva, & T-Pain]
Fuck land, I'm on a boat, motherfucker (motherfucker)
Fuck trees, I climb buoys, motherfucker (motherfucker)
I'm on the deck with my boys, motherfucker (ayy)
This boat engine make noise, motherfucker
Hey, ma, if you could see me now (see me now)
Arms spread wide on the starboard bow (starboard bow)
Gonna fly this boat to the moon somehow (moon somehow)
Like Kevin Garnett, anything is possible

[Bridge: T-Pain & Andy]
Yeah, never thought I'd be on a boat (let's go)
It's a big, blue, watery road (yeah)
Poseidon, look at me, oh (all hands on deck)
Never thought I'd see the day
When a big boat coming my way
Believe me when I say
I fucked a mermaid, whoah

[Hook: Andy & Akiva]
I'm on a boat
I'm on a boat
Everybody look at me, 'cause I'm sailing on a boat
I'm on a boat
I'm on a boat
Take a good, hard look at the motherfucking boat
[Outro: T-Pain]
Sha-sha-sha
Sha-sha-sha
Sha-sha-sha
Shawty, shawty
Yeah, yeah, yeah10Embed

SongStart:
Jack Sparrow Lyrics[Spoken Intro: The Lonely Island, Secretary, & Michael Bolton]
Guys, Michael Bolton is here
Oh, great, send him in
Hey, guys!
Hey! Hi! Thanks for coming!
Sorry I'm late, I just got caught up watching the Pirates of the Caribbean marathon. Have you seen those things?
Oh, yeah, yeah, those are... those are great
Well, I checked out the track and I loved it. And I wrote you this big, sexy hook I think you're gonna really dig
Oh wow, that's great. You wanna just lay it down?
Boys, lets get to it

[Sung Intro: Andy & Michael Bolton]
Here we go
Uh, Lonely Island, Michael Bolton
Yeah!
The night starts now
Together on the track
The boys are back
The night starts now

[Verse 1: Andy & Michael Bolton]
The night starts now, baby, roll with us
Chickies snapping at the neck when we rolling up (Rolling up)
Club front doors, ain't no holding up (Yeah)
Black card at the bar like I gives a fuck (Come on!)
[Verse 2: Jorma & Michael Bolton]
Ladies shifty eyed when we walk into the set
Fuck the fellas looking jealous, play that back and get wet (Yeah, yeah!)
Three pound at my waist, shank in my sock (Oh)
You either get cut, get stuffed, or get shot

[Chorus: Michael Bolton & Andy]
This is the tale of Captain Jack Sparrow
A pirate so brave on the seven seas (What?)
A mystical quest to the isle of Tortuga
Raven locks sway on the ocean breeze

[Verse 3: Akiva & Michael Bolton]
Yeah, that was kind of weird, but we're back in the club
Buying up the bar so the groupies show us love (Keira Knightley!)
Motherfucking iceman, I'm the top gunner
Heater on blast, I'm the number one stunner (Jack Sparrow!)

[Verse 4: Andy & Michael Bolton]
Watch your girl because I ain't your Mr. Nice Guy
More like the "Meet you, take you home and fuck you twice" guy (Yeah, yeah)
All dressed up with nowhere to run
That's know I make you feel crazy when I— (Now back to the good part!)

[Chorus: Michael Bolton, Andy, Jorma & Akiva]
From the day he was born, he yearned for adventure (no!)
Oh, Captain Jack (Yeah), giving them what-for
He's the pauper of the surf (uh huh), the jester of Tortuga
But in Davy Jones' locker, what lies in store? (Yeah, we've seen the movie)
[Bridge: Andy, Jorma, & Michael Bolton]
Put your hands in the air and say "Hell yeah," come on
Captain Jack! What? Johnny Depp! No
From the front to the back, say "We count stacks," come on
Davy Jones! Nope! Giant squid! Wrong

[Interlude: Akiva, Michael Bolton, & Andy]
Michael Bolton, we're really gonna need you to focus up
Roger that, let me try with another film (Wait)

[Chorus: Michael Bolton, Andy, Akiva, & Jorma]
Life is a box of chocolates and my name is Forrest Gump (not better)
Though I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed, I give Jenny all my love (come on!)
Okay, then I'm a legal aide, Erin Brockovich is my name (oh, God)
Then you can call me Scarface, snortin' mountains of cocaine
(close enough)

[Interlude: Michael Bolton]
You cockroaches wanna play rough?
Okay, I'm reloaded! Ha ha!

[Chorus: Michael Bolton & Akiva]
This is the tale of Tony Montana (this is the tale!)
Cubano flame with Miamian guns (take it home!)
Got a basehead wife (yeah), her womb is polluted (woo!)
This whole town's a pussy just waiting to get fucked (to get fucked!) (whoa!)
[Outro: Andy & Michael Bolton]
Okay, it turns out Michael Bolton is a major cinephile
You complete me!
Yeah, yeah okay9Embed

SongStart:
I Just Had Sex Lyrics[Intro: Andy & Akon]
Sometimes
Oh, oh, oh
Something beautiful happens in this world
Akon
You don't know how to express yourself, so
And Lonely Island, yeah
You just gotta sing

[Chorus: Akon]
I just had sex, and it felt so good (Felt so good)
A woman let me put my penis inside of her
I just had sex, and I'll never go back (Never go back)
To the not-having-sex ways of the past

[Verse 1: Andy & Jorma]
Have you ever had sex? I have, it felt great
It felt so good when I did it with my penis
A girl let me do it, it literally just happened
Having sex can make a nice man out the meanest
Never guess where I just came from, I had sex
If I had to describe the feeling, it was the best
When I had the sex, man, my penis felt great
And I called my parents right after I was done
Oh, hey, didn't see you there, guess what I just did?
Had sex, undressed, saw her boobies and the rest
Was sure nice of her to let you do that thing
Nice of any girl ever! Now, sing
[Chorus: Akon]
I just had sex, and it felt so good (Felt so good)
A woman let me put my penis inside of her
I wanna tell the world

[Verse 2: Andy & Jorma]
To be honest, I'm surprised she even wanted me to do it
Doesn't really make sense! But, man, screw it
I ain't one to argue with a good thing! She could be my wife
That good? The best thirty seconds of my life
I'm so humbled by a girl's ability to let me do her
'Cause honestly, I'd have sex with a pile of manure
With that in mind, a soft, nice-smelling girl's better
Plus, she let me wear my chain and my turtleneck sweater

[Bridge: Akon]
So this one's dedicated to them girls
That let us flop around on top of them, yeah
Whether you're near or far, whether short or tall, yeah
We wanna thank you all for letting us fuck you

[Interlude: Andy, Jorma, & Akon]
She kept looking at her watch
Doesn't matter, had sex
But I cried the whole time
Doesn't matter, had sex
I think she might've been a racist
Doesn't matter, had sex
She put a bag on my head
Still counts!
[Bridge: Akon]
I just had sex, and my dreams came true (Dreams came true)
So if you've had sex in the last thirty minutes
Then you qualified to sing with me

[Chorus: Akon]
I just had sex, and it felt so good (Felt so good)
A woman let me put my penis inside of her
I just had sex, and I'll never go back (Never go back)
To the not-having-sex ways of the past
(Sex has gotta be so great)15Embed

SongStart:
YOLO Lyrics[Intro: Andy Samberg & Adam Levine]
YOLO, you only live once
The battle cry of a generation
This life is a precious gift
So don't get too crazy
It's not worth the risk
Yeah

[Chorus 1: Adam Levine]
You know that we are still young
So don't be dumb
Don't trust anyone
'Cause you only live once

[Verse 1: Kiv, Jorm, & Andy]
Uh, you only live once, that's the motto
So take a chill pill, ease off the throttle
Never go to loud clubs 'cause it's bad for your ears
Your friends will all be sorry when they can't hear
And stay the hell away from drugs 'cause they not legal
Then bury all your money in the backyard like a beagle
'Cause you should never trust a bank, they've been known to fail
And never travel by car or bus, boat or by rail
And don't travel by plane, and don't travel at all
Build a bomb shelter basement with titanium walls
And wear titanium suits in case pianos fall on you
And never go to saunas 'cause they're crawlin' with piranhas
And never take the stairs 'cause they're often unsafe
You only live once, don't let it go to waste
[Chorus 2: Adam Levine]
You know that we are still young
So hold off on the fun
Cook your meat till it's done
'Cause you only live once

[Verse 2: Kiv, Jorm, & Andy]
Yeah, and here's another piece of advice
Stay away from kids, 'cause their hair is filled with mad lice
There's no such thing as too much Purell
This a cautionary tale, word to George Orwell
So don't 1980-force any plugs into sockets
Always wear a chastity belt and triple lock it
Then hire a taster, make him check your food for poison
And if you think your mailman is a spy, then destroy him
No blankets or pajamas, they can choke you in your sleep
Two words about furniture: killing machines
Now, board your windows up the sun is bad for your health
And always wear a straitjacket so you're safe from yourself
[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
Uh huh, take no chances, stop freelancin'
Invest in your future, don't dilute your finances
401K, make sure it's low risk
Then get some real estate (how much?), 4.2%
Thirty year mortgage, that's important, that's a great deal
And if you can't afford it, don't forge it on your last bill
Renting is for suckers right now
A dependable savings
And you'll retire with money in your account
Beast!
[Bridge: All]
YOLO, say no-no
Isolate yourself and just roll solo, be careful-o
You Oughta Look Out also stands for YOLO

[Chorus: Adam Levine]
You know that we are still young
Burn the prints off your thumbs
Then pull out all your teeth
So you can't bite your tongue

[Bridge: All]
Only on this earth for a short time, time
So don't go outside, cause you don't want to die, die
Just take our advice and hide
And scream YOLO to the sky

[Outro: Andy]
You oughta look out15Embed

SongStart:
Finest Girl (Bin Laden Song) Lyrics[Verse 1]
Finest girl I ever met in my whole life
Want to take her home, make her my wife
Knew she was a freak when she started talking
She said, "Fuck me like we fucked Bin Laden" (Ooh woah)
That girl was a freak
She said she wanted me to fuck her harder than the military

[Chorus]
Fucked Bin Laden
Fucked Bin Laden
Fucked Bin Laden
She wanted to fuck me harder than the US government
Fucked Bin Laden

[Verse 2]
Uh, she was a freaky kind of girl
Kept up with current events from all around the world
More specifically, one event
The time Osama Bin Laden got shot in the head
She said, "Do me like that"
But I couldn't track the metaphor
That said, I can see you horny like a stegosaur
That said, again, your request is so irregular
She put on a beard, I started looking out the exit door
Then a turban, then a tunic
She said, "Invade my cave with your special unit"
I said, "He wasn't in a cave," but there was no stopping
She demanded that I fuck her like we
[Chorus]
Fucked Bin Laden
Fucked Bin Laden
Fucked Bin Laden
She wanted to fuck me harder than the US government
Fucked Bin Laden

[Verse 3]
This girl requested intercourse to bring her to climax
With the clinical efficiency of the assassination of Bin Laden
You're harboring a fugitive (That ass!)
And my justice will be punitive (I'ma smash!)
Night-vision, they can see us through my GoPro
She tried to negotiate, I said that's a no-no
Now I'm creeping in her bedroom, like go-go
She tells me to go low then looks down and says I gotta...
"Terrorize that pussy, gotta terrorize that pussy"
So I did it, improvised some crazy shit
Seal Team 69 sexecuting the hit
She said, "You've finished me off, now throw my body in the ocean"
I yelled, "Geronimo," then took some pictures for posting
The President called, he said, "Congratulations Conner"
I said, "Mr. President, to what do I owe this honor?"
He said, "Come give me the deets in the White House Garden
I gots to know how you fucked her like we..."
[Chorus]
Fucked Bin Laden
Fucked Bin Laden
Fucked Bin Laden
I still can't say that I see the appeal
But she wanted me to fuck her like we fucked Bin Laden
Oh, this girl insisted that
The way we did it was merciless and exact
Just like the now world-famous attack
That fucked Osama Bin Laden

[Outro]
Damn, the whole thing was just a virtual reality experience!10Embed

SongStart:
Motherlover Lyrics[Intro: Andy, Justin, both]
Oh, dang
What is it, dawg?
I forgot it's Mother's Day
Didn't get a gift for her?
Other plans got in the way
She'll be so disappointed
Damn, I forgot it, too
This could have been avoided
What the hell are we gonna do?

[Verse 1: Andy, Justin, both]
My mom's been so alone
Ever since my daddy left (Cold)
No one to hold her tight
Life has put her to the test
I know just what you mean
My mom's been so sad and gray (Word)
My dad can't satisfy her in the bedroom ever since he passed away
Hold up
You thinkin' what I'm thinkin'?
I'm thinkin' I'm thinkin' too
Slow up
What time is it, dawg?
It's time for a switcharoo
We both love our moms, women with grown women needs
I say we break 'em off
Show 'em how much they really mean
[Chorus: both, Justin]
'Cause I'm a Motherlover
You're a Motherlover
We should fuck each other's mothers
Fuck each other's moms
I'll push in that lady, where you came out as a baby
Ain't no doubt this shit is crazy
Fucking each other's moms

'Cause every Mother's Day needs a Mother's Night
If doing it is wrong, I don't wanna be right
I'm callin' on you 'cause I can't do it myself
To me, you're like a brother, so be my mother lover

[Verse 2: Andy, Justin, both]
I'll be layin' in the cut waitin' for your mom
Clutchin' on this lube and roses
I got my digital camera
I'ma make your momma do a million poses
They will be so surprised
We are so cool and thoughtful
Can't wait to pork your mom
I'ma be the syrup, she can be my waffle
Sho' Nuff
My momma loves bubble bath with chamomile
Straight up
Give it to my mom d-d-d-d-d-d-doggy style (Yeah)
This the perfect plan
For a perfect Mother's Day
They'll have to rename this one
All up under the covers day
[Chorus: both, Justin]
'Cause I'm a Motherlover
You're a Motherlover
We should fuck each other's mothers
Fuck each others moms
I'll push in that lady, where you came out as a baby
Ain't no doubt that shit is crazy
Fucking each other's moms

[Bridge: Andy, Justin]
Break it down
It would be my honor to be your new step-father
It would be my honor to be your new step-father
And while you're in my mother
Make me another brother (Jam)
And while I'm in your mother
I'll never use a rubber (Oh!)

[Chorus: Andy and Justin]
'Cause every Mother's Day needs a Mother's Night (Yeah)
If doing it is wrong, I don't wanna be right (Doing it)
I'm callin' on you 'cause I can't do it myself
To me, you're like a brother, so be my mother lover

They blessed us both with the gift of life (Oh-ho)
She brought you in this world so I'ma sex her right
This is the second best idea that we've ever had (Uh-huh)
The choice can be no other
Be my mother lover
[Outro: Andy]
Happy Mother's Day5Embed

SongStart:
3-Way (The Golden Rule) Lyrics[Intro: Andy Samberg, Justin Timberlake, & Both]
Back in that ass
Yeah
Your mom says hi, jinx!

[Bridge: Andy Samberg & Justin Timberlake]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, no
A-y-y-yeah, a-y-y-yeah
A-y-y-yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Jam!

[Verse 1: Andy Samberg, Justin Timberlake, & Both]
Summertime in the city
And everybody's having sex
You know, I just got a page from a girl
That I met last week at the Payless (ShoeSource)
I also have a cutie to call
Who loves the way I knock on her boots
Well, it's time to mack, let's handle that
In two to six hours, we'll meet back and regroup
Now, let's shoop
Roll up to her crib with some Bartles and James
Hop off the bus with the Alizé
Now hold up, playa, what you diggity-doin' here?
I should diggity-ask you the same
Then she sang
[Verse 2: Lady Gaga, Andy Samberg & Justin Timberlake]
Hey, boys, I want you both
I hope that you think that's cool (Say word?)
I know most guys won't freak together
But she forgot about the golden rule
Ah-ah-ah!

[Chorus: Andy Samberg & Justin Timberlake]
It's okay when it's in a 3-way
It's not gay when it's in a 3-way
With a honey in the middle, there's some leeway
The area's grey in a 1-2-3-way

[Verse 3: Andy Samberg, Justin Timberlake, Lady Gaga, Andy & Justin, & (All)]
Normally, I don't get down with dudes
But tonight is a special exception (Great!)
See, you're my best friend through thick and thin
(Now it's time to make a triple connection)
Lights off!

[Verse 4: Andy Samberg, Justin Timberlake, Lady Gaga, & Andy & Justin]
Here in the dark (Here in the dark)
It's hard to tell (So hard to tell)
Where her body ends (La la)
And my homie's begins (Ooh-wee)
This rule dates back (The golden rule)
To Ancient Greece (Talking about Caesar)
We're two Jack Trippers and a Chrissy
The new Three's Company!
[Chorus: Andy Samberg & Justin Timberlake & Lady Gaga]
It's okay when it's in a 3-way
It's not gay when it's in a 3-way
With a honey in the middle there's some leeway
The area's grey in a 1-2-3-way

[Bridge: Andy Samberg, Justin Timberlake, & Lady Gaga]
Fellas, get ready
To impress a chick: helicopter dick, go!
Helicopter dick (Uh!), helicopter dick (Alright!)
To impress a chick, do the helicopter dick (Wow!)

[Chorus: Andy Samberg, Justin Timberlake, & Lady Gaga]
And all of that was okay, 'cause it was in a 3-way
It's quite clear when you see the instant replay
Maybe two is enough, that's what they'll say
But we'll say "Hell no," 1-2-3 way

[Outro: All & Andy Samberg]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
The Golden Rule2Embed

SongStart:
Dick In a Box Lyrics[Intro: Andy Samberg]
Hey, girl
I've got somethin' real important to give you
So just sit down, and listen

[Verse 1: Andy Samberg & Justin Timberlake]
Girl, you know we've been together, such a long, long time (Such a long time)
And now I'm ready, to lay it on the line
Well, you know it's Christmas and my heart is open wide (Open wide)
Gonna give you something so you know what's on my mind (What's on my mind)
A gift real special, so take off the top
Take a look inside - it's my dick in a box (It's in a box)

[Pre-Chorus: Justin Timberlake & Andy Samberg Both]
Not gonna get you a diamond ring
That sort of gift don't mean anything
Not gonna get you a fancy car
Girl, you gotta know you're my shining star
Not gonna get you a house in the hills
A girl like you needs somethin' real
Wanna get you somethin' from the heart
(Somethin' special girl)

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake & (Andy Samberg), both]
It's my dick in a box! My dick in a box, babe
It's my dick in a box! Ooh, my dick in a box, girl
See, I'm wise enough to know when a gift needs givin' (Yeah)
And I got just the one
Somethin' to show ya that you are second to none
[Verse 2: Andy Samberg & Justin Timberlake]
To all the fellas out there with ladies to impress
It's easy to do, just follow these steps
One - cut a hole in a box
Two - put your junk in that box
Three - make her open the box
And that's the way you do it

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake, both]
It's my dick in a box! My dick in a box, babe
It's my dick in a box! Ooh, my dick in a box, girl

[Outro: Andy Samberg & Justin Timberlake]
Christmas; dick in a box
Hanukkah; dick in a box
Kwanzaa; a dick in a box
Every single holiday; a dick in a box
Over at your parent's house; a dick in a box
Midday at the grocery store; a dick in a box
Backstage at the CMA's; a dick in a box
Yeah, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
My dick in a box, my dick in a box, my dick in a box!5Embed

SongStart:
SEMICOLON Lyrics[Intro: Maya Rudolph and Lonely Island]
Okay everyone
Welcome to grammar class
Today we're learning about semicolons
Oh, oh, oh
Yes, Lonely Island?
We use semicolons everyday
Can you give me an example?
Oh, hell yeah

[Verse 1: Andy Samberg, Jorma Taccone, & Akiva Schaffer]
Get ready for a whale of a time; Shamu
My whole team coming clean; shampoo
These dudes is comic relief; Whoopi
And I'm the motherfucking monster; cookie
When you see me better cross the street; Frogger
Then go home and write about it; blogger
"Did I do that?"; Urkel
"Yo Angela, Who's The Boss?"; Merkel
I'll take you where you've never been; Oxnard
Then make you suck a bull’s nut; ox nard
If Miss Moore married Josh; Demi Brolin
A comma and a fucking dot; semicolon

[Chorus: Solange]
We run these streets; stop lights
All eyes on me; spot lights
Each semicolon brings us closer to the top
[Verse 2: Andy Samberg, Jorma Taccone, & Akiva Schaffer]
I'm loud and I'm zipping around; jet ski
Your dick is lil' like Wayne; Gretzky
But Gretsky's got a big dick; clarification
Everyone was rude to me; Paris vacation
My stomach's getting fat; food
Leave trash inside my car; rude
You're acting all mach-i-o; Ralph
But I'll eat all you cats; Alf

[Chorus 2: Solange]
We run the game; umpire
Always chase the night; young squire
These semicolons are my light inside the dark

[Verse 3: Andy Samberg, Jorma Taccone, & Akiva Schaffer]
It's right under your nose, semicolon; mouth
Opposite of north, semicolon; south
Right over your home, semicolon; attic
Hooked on semicolons, semicolon addict

[Chorus 3: Solange]
We got the game on lock; toy chest
You're too big for your clothes; boys’ vest
You know we out of control; no brakes
Your birthday party sucked; no cakes
[Breakdown: Solange]
When it comes to punctuation
You know we're number one
And to the people of every nation
Feel the power of the semicolon

[Outro: The Lonely Island and Maya Rudolph]
Semicolons
We rest our case
No actually those are examples of colons
You all get Fs
Wait, what?7Embed